In MongoDB, a Schema is only determined by the App Services, and the application that is created and hosted on MongoDB Atlas. We will be using the GraphQL endpoint provided by MongoDB Atlas for all database CRUD operations. 

PetMatch has 4 database tables
bids
listings
ratings
Users

Glossary: 
ObjectID_ is a given data type within mongodb that is automatically generated when any new document is created, it is a mandatory and unique identifier for each document in any database table. _id is the automatically generated ObjectID for every document.

Bids – contains all bids done by all users
–It requires items: listing_id, bid_value and user_id
Listing_id: ObjectID of the Listing the individual bid belongs to
User_id: ObjectID of user placing the Bid
Bid_value: value
Status: it is a string that accepts only two statuses as “enum”, to show if the bid is the highest in the listing or is outbid. By default, it is the highest bid unless told otherwise

Listings
-Requires: seller_id, price, name, age, breed, gender
Seller_id: the ObjectID of the user making the listing (seller)
Price: the price set by the seller (starting price for bidding enabled listing)
Name: name of pet
Age: pet age
Breed: pet breed
Gender: pet gender
isActive: is this listing active?
startDate: the date this listing was added to the database.
endDate: seller set date to end the listing
traitList: an array of traits that the seller can add about their pet
isBid: is this a bid or a sell?
Bid_list: is bid, this list saves all bid_ID belonging to this listing.
Zipcode: a 5 int digit value of the location on where this is. 

Ratings:
Requires: rater_id, rated_id, rating
Rater_id– giver of rating
Rated_id–user given the rating
Rating– value of rating
Users:
Requires: name, email
Name– username
Email – registered email
Phone_num – phone number
Favorites – A list of ListingIDs that a user would like to use
Ratings– an aggregate rating on users that contains an array of object rating which is made of the rating and the value
User_ratings– the value of ratings from other customers
Listings– array of Petmatch Listings that belongs to this user
Bids– array of bids that belongs to this user
Seller_rating– rating as a seller
Bio – biography written by user
